MATIC to POL migration (#672)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/pos/concepts/tokens/pol.md

> POL is the native token upgrade for the Polygon ecosystem, designed for use in a wide range of activities and purposes, including as a tool for network participation and security. By staking POL, participants can actively contribute to the ecosystem as validators. Importantly, POL has many of the same features as MATIC, is built on OpenZeppelin's ERC20 implementations, and supports [EIP-2612](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2612) for signature-based permit approvals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
POL is the native token upgrade for the Polygon ecosystem, designed for use in a wide range of activities and various purposes. For instance, POL is used as a tool for network participation and security. By staking POL, participants can actively contribute to the ecosystem as validators. Importantly, like MATIC, POL is built on OpenZeppelin's ERC20 implementations, supports [EIP-2612](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2612) for signature-based permit approvals, and thus inherits most of the features found in MATIC.
```

## PIPs

Community-driven governance and feedback played a crucial role in refining the POL token's design and functionality. Learn more about the proposals by following the links below.

1. [PIP-17: Polygon Ecosystem Token (POL)](https://forum.polygon.technology/t/pip-17-polygon-ecosystem-token-pol/12912)
2. [PIP-18: Polygon 2.0 Phase 0 - Frontier](https://forum.polygon.technology/t/pip-18-polygon-2-0-phase-0-frontier/12913)
3. [PIP-19: Update Polygon PoS Native Token to POL](https://forum.polygon.technology/t/pip-19-update-polygon-pos-native-token-to-pol/12914)
4. [PIP-25: Adjust POL Total Supply](https://forum.polygon.technology/t/pip-25-adjust-pol-total-supply/13008)
5. [PIP-26: Transition from MATIC to POL Validator Rewards](https://forum.polygon.technology/t/pip-26-transition-from-matic-to-pol-validator-rewards/13046)

!!! info "Initial amount of POL tokens"

    In the case of POL, the initial amount (the total number of POL when the upgrade occurs) is 10 billion tokens — 1:1 with MATIC since this is an upgrade.

## Do I need to do anything manually?

> Please refer to the [MATIC to POL migration guide](../../get-started/matic-to-pol.md) for details on what action you need to perform, if any, depending on the chain they are currently located, i.e., Ethereum, Polygon PoS, Polygon zkEVM, etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the [MATIC to POL migration guide](../../get-started/matic-to-pol.md) for details on what action you need to take, if any, depending on the chain they are currently located, i.e., Ethereum, Polygon PoS, Polygon zkEVM, etc. 
```

!!! tip "Deep dive into POL"

>     Read the detailed [blog post on the POL migration](https://polygon.technology/blog/save-the-date-matic-pol-migration-coming-september-4th-everything-you-need-to-know) to learn more about the POL token, its properties, and what it entails for the Polygon ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Read the detailed [blog post on the POL migration](https://polygon.technology/blog/save-the-date-matic-pol-migration-coming-september-4th-everything-you-need-to-know) to learn more about the POL token, its properties, and what the migration means for the Polygon ecosystem.
```

Reviewer: It was not clear whether "it" refers to POL or migration. 
I didn't expect "entails" to be followed by "for the ... " 
I get the sense that the idea is to capture how the migration affects the ecosystem (without sounding like there's any negative effect).
